1.	You have been assigned as a project manager to implement a new and innovative smartphone application in a balanced matrix organizational structure. You may experience difficulties in obtaining and assigning resources to your project due to which one of the following factors?
A.	The power and authority are shared between you and the functional manager, and you do not have full authority over the project and its funding.
B.	Your role is like a coordinator or expeditor (communication coordinator or staff assistant).
C.	You have no real authority and power.
D.	The project budget is fully controlled by the functional manager.

2.	A Project Management Office (PMO), which is a centralized organizational unit to oversee and coordinate the management of projects and programs under its domain throughout the organization, has all of the following functions EXCEPT:
A.	Identify and develop the organization's methodology, administrative practices, guidelines, policies, procedures, and rules.
B.	Establish and maintain templates, policies, procedures, best practices, and standards for project management methodologies.
C.	Monitor compliance with organizational project management processes, policies, procedures, and other items.
D.	Be involved heavily during project initiation as a key decision-maker and integral stakeholder to make recommendations, prioritize projects, terminate projects, or take other actions as required.

3.	You are a project manager overseeing a web-based automation project in a weak matrix organization. You are playing the role of a communication coordinator with little power to make decisions and sometimes report to a high-level manager. Your role can be defined as a:
A.	Team lead
B.	Project coordinator
C.	Lead coordinator
D.	Project expeditor

4.	Success in portfolio management, which can be generally described as a group of projects or programs and other works to achieve a specific strategic business goal, is generally defined as:
A.	Aggregate performance of all components.
B.	Control of changes to specific products and services.
C.	Compliance with schedule, budget, and specifications requirements.
D.	Realization of the business benefits and financial objectives.

5. You are overseeing the implementation of the internal website of your organization to view the company's event calendar. Your role is to coordinate activities, resources, equipment information on the project, but you have limited authority in making project decisions and h to negotiate with the functional manager to get the required resources for your project Wh of the following kind of organizational structures are you working in?
A.	Balanced matrix
B.	Composite structure
C.	Weak matrix
D.	Strong matrix

6.	You are overseeing a complex project to implement a new wireless media streaming device. Due to the complex nature of the project, you need several highly skilled technical resources with very specialized expertise and domain knowledge. You obtain these resources from the organization's resource pool and different departments, specifying the duration and bandwidth for which they will be required. You also commit to releasing these resources to respective departments once your needs are fulfilled. You are working in which kind of organizational structure?
A.	Composite structure
B.	Functional
C.	Projectized
D.	Matrix

7.	A software firm is in the process of implementing a critical accounting application for a dentist's office. In order to implement the project, full-time staff from several departments are selected to create a special project team or task force. It was decided that the task force members would not report to their functional managers or work on their functional activities while working on this critical project. This type of organizational structure is called:
A.	Functional organization
B.	Hybrid structure
C.	Weak Matrix
D.	Balanced matrix organization

8.	Which one of the following is NOT true about functional organizational structure?
A.	Project work is considered to be priority work in all functional groups.
B.	Similar resources are grouped by specialists.
C.	The project manager has little or no authority and could even be part-time.
D.	Multiple projects compete for limited resources and priority.

9.	Which one of the following is the logical breakdown of what needs to be done to produce the project deliverables and is sometimes referred to as the performing organization's methodology for projects?
A.	Product life cycle
B.	Project life cycle
C.	Feedback loop
D.	Product development

10.	The application of knowledge, skills, tools, and techniques to satisfy the project needs by establishing project objectives, identifying project requirements, managing stakeholders, and balancing project constraints (i.e., cost, time, quality, scope, risk, and others) is referred to as:
A. Project management
B. Project administration
C. Project initiation
D. Project coordination

11.	All project phases conclude with a review of the deliverables and related work (phase exits or stage gates or kill points) for the purpose of:
A.	Determining if the project should continue and the next phase should be initiated.
B.	Detecting defects and correcting errors.
C.	Assessing project risks.
D.	Enforcing formal control procedure of the project.

12.	The level of power and authority of a project manager may fluctuate due to various factors. Typically, how much power and authority a project manager will have depends on which of the following?
A.	The organizational structure
B.	The negotiation skills of the project manager
C.	Project management knowledge and technical competency of the project manager
D.	The relationship of the project manager with senior management, especially with the sponsor

13.	Which one of the following descriptions is generally considered to be characteristic of operational works?
A.	It is a continuing endeavor that produces many identical or nearly identical products or provides repetition.
B.	It is temporary in nature and has a definite beginning and ending.
C.	It is completed when its goals and objectives have been met and signed off by the stakeholders.
D.	It is a unique undertaking.

14.	You are overseeing a project to implement a new video game console. Since everything is not known upfront, you take the approach of defining and developing the product by incremental stepsand continually reviewing and adjusting processes, assumptions, requirements, and decisions throughout the project life cycle as the project progresses. You are engaged in which of the following?
A.	Project selection
B.	Monitoring & Controlling
C.	Progressive elaboration
D.	Decomposition

15.	Which one of the following is TRUE about the power of the project managers in different organizational structures?
A.	In a projectized organization, the project manager has no real authority and power.
B.	A strong matrix maintains many characteristics of projectized organization, where much of the authority rests with the project manager.
C.	Ina weak matrix, the authority is shared between the functional manager and the project manager; the project manager does not have full authority over the project and its funding
D.	A balanced matrix maintains many characteristics of a functional matrix; the project manager role is more like that of a coordinator or expeditor (communication coordinator o< staff assistant) than that of a true project manager.

16.	You are managing a group of related or unrelated projects or programs and other works to achieve specific strategic business objectives and goals. Which of the following best describes your role?
A.	Program owner
B.	Project manager
C.	Program manager
D.	Portfolio manager

17.	As a project manager in a balanced matrix organization, how much authority do you have?
A.	Low to moderate
B.	Little to none
C.	High to almost total
D.	Moderate to high

18.	You took over a software development project from another project manager who just left the company. You realize that the project is a mess as there is a lack of management control, and the previous project manager managed the project without much project organization. You decided to develop specific workplans for each of the 30 work packages and soon realize that the plan would help each phase, but would not control the integration of those phases into a cohesive whole. To your surprise, you also find out that there are no clearly defined project deliverables. You desperately need to organize the project as soon as you can. What will be the BEST course of action?
A.	Capture lessons learned as you progress and update organizational process assets.
B.	Report the poor condition of the project to management.
C.	Adapt a life cycle approach to the project.
D.	Develop a detailed description of project deliverables.

19.	You just completed a critical data center project for your organization. Currently, the support team is conducting ongoing operations and maintenance to ensure that all routers, switches, firewalls, PCs, servers, and digital storage are operating as planned. A large portion of your project budget is allocated to maintenance and operations to run the data center smoothly. You will be sending out daily status updates and resolving issues, but there is no need for planning or providing documentation. These ongoing operations and maintenance are extremely important to the products of your data center project and should be considered as:
A.	Not a part of your project
B.	An entirely separate project
C.	A separate phase in your project lifecycle
D.	Activities in the closing process group

20.	Steve is very concerned about all major constraints on his project as these constraints provide a framework for understanding trade-offs in managing competing project requirements. He identified scope, time, cost, quality, risk, resources, communications, and customer satisfaction to be the major constraints. Which one of the following is the prioritized order of all these constraints?
A.	Scope, time, cost, quality, risk, resources, communications, and customer satisfaction
B.	Time, scope, cost, quality, risk, resources, communications, and customer satisfaction
C.	Cost, scope, time, quality, risk, resources, communications, and customer satisfaction
D.	They all are of equal importance unless stated otherwise

21.	The management framework within which project decisions are made is called:
A.	Project Management Information System (PMIS)
B.	Configuration management system
C.	Project management plan
D.	Project governance