1.	Which statement is FALSE regarding the initiating process group?
A.	Cost and staffing start low, increase toward the end, and drop rapidly near closing.
B.	Project risk is highest at the beginning of the project and reduces as the project approaches its end.
C.	Stakeholder influence is highest at the start and diminishes as the project proceeds.
D.	The project manager and team are always identified as part of the initiating process group.

2.	All of the following will occur during project initiating EXCEPT:
A.	Creation of a project scope statement.
B.	Identification of internal and external stakeholders.
C.	Development and review of the business case and a feasibility study.
D.	Assignment of the project manager to lead a project.

3.	Which of the following will occur only during the planning process group?
A.	Identify stakeholders
B.	Develop schedule
C.	Acquire project team
D.	Validate scope

4.	Which of the following process groups includes the processes to complete the work defined in the project management plan and ultimately satisfies the project specifications and objectives?
A.	Planning process group
B.	Executing process group
C.	Initiating process group
D.	Closing process group

5.	A knowledge area represents a complete set of activities, concepts, and terms that make up an area of specialization, project management field, or professional field. Each project management knowledge area is subdivided into which of the following?
A.	Best practices
B.	Policies
C.	Processes
D.	Guidelines

6.	All of the following should be done during the closing process group EXCEPT:
A.	Formal sign-off and formal acceptance are received from the customers.
B.	Customer acceptance criteria are determined.
C.	Final versions of the lessons learned are compiled and made available for future projects.
D.	Completed project deliverables are handed off to operations and maintenance.

7. in which process group does the team track, measure, inspect, monitor, verify, review, Compaq and regulate the progress and performance of the project; ensure that the plan is working; identify any areas in which changes to the plan are required; and initiate the corresponding changes?
A.	Monitoring & Controlling
B.	Closing
C.	Initiating
D.	Executing

8.	You are overseeing a project for your organization to implement a web-based application for accessing pay and tax information online. Currently, you are in the process of implementing approved changes, corrective actions, preventive actions, and defect repairs in the project. You are in which of the following process groups?
A.	Executing
B.	Monitoring & Controlling
C.	Planning
D.	Closing

9.	Which one of the following statements is FALSE about the executing process group?
A.	This process group usually takes the most time and resources.
B.	The processes in this process group measure and analyze the progress and performance of the project, ensure that the plan is working, identify any areas in which changes to the p|an are required, and initiate the corresponding changes.
C.	Corrective actions, preventive actions, and defect repairs are implemented in this process group.
D.	This process group consists of processes to complete the work defined in the project management plan and ultimately satisfy the project specifications and objectives.

10.	The sponsor has just signed the project charter and assigned you as a project manager to oversee a project to implement a simulator for a local golf club. What should you do FIRSTas the project manager?
A.	Focus on identifying and classifying the stakeholders in the project.
B.	Start working on the project management plan.
C.	Develop the project schedule.
D.	Create WBS.

11.	You have been assigned to manage a project to design a new type of vinyl-based resilient floor material. You came up with a few orders of magnitude estimates, high- level risks, constraints, and assumptions for the project. What project management process group are you in?
A.	Monitoring & Controlling
B.	Closing
C.	Initiating
D.	Planning

12.	Which one of the following process groups consists of iterative and ongoing processes to establish the total scope of effort, to define the objectives, and to identify the course of action required to attain those objectives?
A.	Planning
B.	Executing
C.	Initiating
D.	Monitoring & Controlling

13.	You are overseeing a construction project to construct a new fitness center at a local university. Currently, the team is working on collecting requirements and establishing estimates for the project. Which process group are you in?
A.	Initiating
B.	Executing
C.	Monitoring & Controlling
D.	Planning

14.	Which one of the following is not an outcome when a project is initiated properly in the initiating process group?
A.	Authorizing the project manager to manage the project
B.	Defining the scope of the project
C.	Identifying the key stakeholders
D.	Understanding the goal, objective, and business need of the project

15.	Which of the following is NOT a planning process?
A.	Create WBS
B.	Perform Qualitative Risk Analysis
C.	Estimate Costs
D.	Develop Project Team

16.	Steve has been overseeing a project to implement a new wireless media streaming device for a local networking company. The team has completed all the technical work in the project. The senior management asked Steve to report on the remaining activities in the project. Which of the following will Steve report as the remaining work?
A.	Completion of the lessons learned
B.	Validation of the project scope
C.	Completion of the quality management plan
D.	Completion of risk response planning

17.	You just finished creating your project charter. Which of the following will NOT be included in The charter?
A.	Detailed work package descriptions
B.	High-level roadmap and milestones
C.	Assumptions and constraints
D.	Authority level of the project manager

18.	While working in the initiating process group, you are mainly focusing on creating a project ' charter and a stakeholder register. You will use all of the following as inputs EXCEPT:
A.	Organizational values and work ethics
B.	Project scope statement
C.	Configuration management knowledgebase
D.	Historical information and past lessons learned

19.	Which one of the following is NOT a component of a change request?
A.	Corrective actions
B.	Preventive actions
C.	Defect repair
D.	Issue Log

20.	While working on the operating system upgrade project, the project manager realizes that he cannot estimate the time needed to upgrade a particular server due to the complexity of its build. He enrolls the help of Mary, who has been working on servers for over 20 years. What tool or techniques is the project manager using?
A.	Subject Matter Expert
B.	System Administrator
C.	Expert Judgment
D.	Data analysis