1.	Which one of the following choices is a true benefit to following agile practice
A.	Build the product all at once
B.	Do all planning upfront
C.	Build a product in increments
D.	Have any strict change management process

2.	While following agile methodologies which of the following decisions would an manager make during an agile project.
A.	Allow stakeholders to request changes at any point
B. Allow the team to prioritize the features
C. Develop features that require less development time first
D. Develop features that require more development time first

3.	Which of the following is fixed on an agile project?
A.	Scope
B.	Time
C.	Customers
D.	Features

4. In the agile manifesto, we value responding to change over?
A. Processes and tools
B.	Comprehensive documentation
C.	Contract negotiation
D.	Following a plan

5. While conducting an agile project, the agile project manager has implemented a new compute software that will allow this schedule to be auto-calculated. What agile value was not followed?
A.	Individuals and interactions over processes and tools
B.	Working software over comprehensive documentation
C.	Customer collaboration or contract negotiation
D.	Working software over following a plan

6. When conducting an agile project, what is the primary method by which customers will measr the agile project progress?
A.	On a percentage scale
B.	on cost scale
C.	how much of the software is working
D.	how much of the budget is left

7.	What is the primary output of the sprint planning meeting?
A.	Product backlog
B.	Sprint backlog
C.	Sprint register
D.	Product register

8. After the team has completed prioritizing the features in the product backlog, the project manager has informed them of the following:
A.	They should have used a numerical scale
B.	They should not have prioritized the features
C.	They should have prioritized the features based on value
D.	They should have prioritized the features based on costs

9.	Which of the following agile tools help all stakeholders to see the maximum amount of work the team will be doing in each phase of the development cycle?
A.	Kanban development
B.	Lean development
C.	XP programming
D.	Verbal discussions

10.	Which of the following is an example of servant leadership?
A.	Dictating what processes the team should use when resolving problems
B.	Holding individual team members accountable for issues
C.	Continuously communicating the project vision
D.	Communicating the methods the team should use when developing software

11.	As an agile project manager, you have encountered many issues with the product owner.The product owner has refused to prioritize the product backlog, stating that all items are equally important. After educating the product owner about the value of prioritization, he still refuses. What should the agile project manager do?
A.	Continue to educate the product owner
B.	Prioritize the product backlog for the product owner
C.	Have the team prioritize the product backlog
D.	Replace the product owner

12.	After speaking with the outside application testers, the agile project manager has been informed that the application has passed the test and is ready to be installed into production. How should the agile project manager inform the team?
A.	Email them the test results
B.	Tell them in person
C.	Tell them in a conference call
D.	Send it to them as a memo

13.	When implementing Kanban development, which of the following should be d
A.	Create it using custom software on a large screen
B.	Create it on a whiteboard with erasable markers
C.	Only have the team create it using software
D.	Only have the agile project manager create it using software

14.	The product owner has informed the project manager that all items in the product badd valuable and they should all get done. How should the agile project manager respond?*
A.	He should agree with the product owner and try to complete as much of the items as possible
B.	He should educate the product owner on the benefits of prioritizing the product backlog 
C. He should inform the project team that all items should get done immediately
D. Should prioritize the items himself

15.	Where will the customers have the ability to give feedback on a completed increment of the product?
A.	Sprint planning meeting
B.	Sprint retrospective
C.	Sprint review meeting
D.	Sprint product meeting

16.	While discussing the benefits of agile with three of the organization's key stakeholders, what would be seen as the main benefit of conducting the project using agile methodology versus traditional methodology?
A.	Agile delivers value incrementally
B.	Traditional delivers values all upfront
C.	Traditional delivers value at the beginning
D.	Agile project requires funding upfront

17.	Which of the following is an XP practice where programmers work together in order to writeone set of codes?
A.	Dual programming
B.	Peer programming
C.	Pair programming
D.	Double programming

18.	Which of the following would be considered a waste on a project?
A.	Value-added features
B.	Value-added processes
C.	Completed work
D.	Waiting

19.	The product owner has added three new changes to the product backlog. The agile project manager has met with the team, and they have immediately decided how to implement these new changes, although these changes will be implemented three iterations from now. The product owner informs the agile project manager that he is not happy about this. What should the agile project manager do?
A.	Ask the team members to implement the change right away
B.	Ask the product owner when he would like the changes to be implemented
C.	Inform the product owner of the potential risk of each change
D.	Tell the team they should not have committed to doing these changes until they were ready to implement them

20.	While building the agile space for a new agile team, which of the following tools should the project manager ensure is available to all of them?
A.	A big screen monitor with the latest Kanban software
B.	A whiteboard
C.	A network-enabled project management software
D.	Private offices with virtual meeting software

21.	Who is in charge of managing the work during the iteration?
A.	Agile project manager
B.	Team
C.	Product owner
D.	Senior management

22.	The agile manifesto values working software over?
A.	Processes and tools
B.	Comprehensive documentation
C.	Contract negotiation
D.	Following a plan

23.	The agile manifesto contains how many guiding principles?
A.	4
B.	10
C.	11
D.	12

24.	Who should determine the work that should be placed in the iteration backlog?
A.	Product owner
B.	Agile project manager
C.	Team
D.	Senior management

25.	While a Sprint is currently being done, which of the following should not be performed?
A.	Adding work to the product backlog
B.	Reprioritizing the product backlog
C.	Changing the team members
D.	Changing methods of communication with stakeholders

26.	To have an effective daily standup meeting, which of the following should not be done?
A.	Limit the meeting to 15 minutes
B.	Try to hold the meeting at the same time everyday
C.	Try to hold the meeting at the same place everyday
D.	Allow team members to discuss personal issues

27.	Which of the following is the characteristic of a high-performing agile team?
A.	A team of specialized skills
B.	A team of generalizing specialists
C.	A team that uses the latest in communication software
D.	A team of extremely knowledgeable programmers

28.	When following XP practices, what is the concept of collective code ownership?
A. The codes are collectively owned by the team and can be improved or amended by anyone
B. The code is owned by a single person
C. The code can only be amended by a single person at a time
D. The code should be collected and amended by a single person

29. During the daily standup meeting, the team members are required to answer how many questions?
A.	3
B.	4
C.	5
D.	6

30. What is critical on an agile project for it to be successful?
A.	Being a servant leader
B.	Stakeholder satisfaction
C.	Very thorough change control process
D.	Having a well-defined project management plan